[WIP] Documentation fixes. (#805)
vercel/ai: docs/pages/docs/api-reference/aws-bedrock-stream.mdx

# AWSBedrockStream

> The AWS Bedrock stream functions are utilties that transform the outputs from the AWS Bedrock API into a `ReadableStream`. They uses `AIStream` under the hood and applying a specific parser for the Bedrock's response data structure and the model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AWS Bedrock stream functions are utilties that transform the outputs from the [AWS Bedrock API](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/bedrock/latest/APIReference/welcome.html) into a `ReadableStream`. They use `AIStream` under the hood and handle parsing Bedrock's response.
```

> There are currently 3 AWS Bedrock stream functions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are currently 3 AWS Bedrock stream wrappers:
```
